What are you saying?
huh, no problem, take care for it
yeah, may be
yeah
But I think next time we go, I wanna have more stuff planned.
Cuz you know last time we kind of went like, no plan
Oh, also, you decided last minute that you would actually go.
yeah
yeah ha
Because your work, you didn't know.
Wasn't it like you didn't know if you could get off early or whatever?
***
You know because when I bought my ticket, we were like, okay, maybe you might be able to work
That's that's this how I planned what days I would go.
thinking that it's possible you might be able to do it.
Then what was I expecting? And what was I expecting for?
Is How would I know?
No, but I'm saying I bought my ticket like a few weeks before, right?
But I was expecting you to possibly be able to go
Was I expecting the strike? Yeah, so what was I expecting then?
I think he was like, you getting off early, being able to leave a show early, or I don't remember.
yeah yeah
I thought it was already straight. Was it at Holland Harbor?
That was already during the stream.
yeah
I wanna wa I want to go to camp.
Have you went to camp tour?
Oh, you haven't? I don't even know if I've been.
Yeah I don't know where we went. yeah
yeah
I think I we shouldn't go to the like village first and like places
yeah yeah yeah
And I heard there's like a matcha shortage. A matcha shortage?
But I think it's because of the foreign market like nor or foreigners
I think it's foreigners picking up and also like... Yeah, I think so.
yeah, but their
They are like limiting
uhm
It's like people can only buy like, yeah yeah,that's right
yeah
But It kind of sucks for Japanese people because when I checked the online stores, everything sold out.
I heard they're trying to keep the prices the same. It's just putting a longer
right time?
Yeah. That's what I heard, which I can kind of believe.
yeah
***
I'm so honored.
Well, not just scalpers, the freaking company themselves will start doing that.
don't know about that.
I haven't been to Okinawa. I haven't been to Hokkaido.
yeah
Yeah, you saw it, right? Oh, it wasn't? Oh, it's free within...
Yeah, but I wonder how long they're doing that. It must be some sort of promotion.
yeah
It must be like one flight
Or something like that. Like round trip. like, Something like that. Yeah.
Oh, even within the country? Domestic?
ohhh..
or really then ANI?
Oh, I don't know that
Yeah .Plus if we can, you know, get the tickets far enough.
you
yeah
Have you checked out any of her stuff when you moved in?